so there's a new movie called acrimony
bitterness anger rancor ISM and it's the
newest Tyler Perry movie announcer ah GP
ensign straight-up becomes a Batman
villain and is one of the most baffling
endings that makes it all pulpy stre
video future's looking for some drama
let me explain
so Melinda's in college when she super
smashes into childish gambino meets
famous Jett Jackson over here and in
order to apologize the man decides to
start helping her study since this
chick's failing in all of her classes
now the big thing that the movie deals
with is this is the guy using her or not
and I'll be honest I think he's putting
in the work problem is is that my dude
here lives in the trailer from a bug's
life
and since Melinda's mom just passed away
since she just got three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in life insurance
her sisters see him as being
manipulative especially when this girl
buys him twenty four thousand dollar car
Robert also goes all m.i.a after getting
his whip and Melinda while she you know
is a pushover is also a wreck it Ralph
jr. since when she catches him cheating
she straight-up smashes his RV strangers
to style tilts it over and while I guess
Robert learns his lesson
bambam over here also busts her ovaries
and how she can't even have kids does
this give Robert a bad look yeah but
Melinda still marries the dude girl pays
is remaining seventy three thousand
dollars in tuition and since he's been
building this rechargeable battery she
ends up with thirty seven thousand
dollars in house repairs for the
electricity as damages there supplies by
the end of the first year they've wasted
all the money after eighteen years my
dude still can't recharge the battery or
his marriage and he struggles keeping
any job since if I got to mention to his
wife that uh he had a felony charge when
he was fifteen but he was quick to say I
do it isn't until the company that he's
been pitching for like two decades
finally hires a new boss that he has the
chance to make it in since it ends up
being the chick from the RV that he
smashed
of course when Melinda's nosy sisters
find out that he's meeting with her of a
snitch Melinda goes all Sean Penn in
Mystic River on him and divorces to do
without giving him a chance to defend
himself the next month the man strikes a
seventy five million dollar deal with
the rights to his battery now at this
point at my screening all the women were
pretty much rooting for her they were
her side while me and like the one of
the dude was watching this movie we're
standing in solidarity with Robert since
you know he's that male individual who
pulled through what his promise cuz when
you really think about it if he had
never cheated with his girl if it would
have never planted his seeds for the
harvest he would have never had the
literal in with the boss I'm just
kidding I'm just kidding
but for real though Robert ain't perfect
he made mistakes but he was never
slumming it around like they made it out
to be right that he was using her for
those eighteen years because he was
putting in the work and that's why at
the end he secures the Christmas sighs
back on top of that even after you was
dumped in a divorce even after all of
that he still goes to Melinda who hits
him with that Swift we ain't never ever
getting back together and yet he still
gives her a ten million dollar check
living or going on top of that he
repurchases her mother's home apologizes
that it took so long to fulfill the
dream and even buys her flowers before
saying Godspeed um peace out at this
point the movie changes titles four more
times as Melinda goes freakin insane
because Roberts moved on and is marrying
our vivas girl
so Melinda is literally Facebook
stalking them following them around
demanding a hundred and fifty million
dollars in emotional repercussions
breaking batting the wedding dress with
hydrochloric acid and when she finds out
when she finds out that the nunu is
having the baby she never could she goes
full proud Marion ends up on their
honeymoon yacht ready that John wit the
place she puts on the wife's dress which
I don't know how that happen Titanic
themselves off shoots Robert all right
before she Lizzie Borden's him she gets
dragged by an anchor to the bottom of
the sea where she dies right where all
of the other memes live and the movie
just sends like it literally just cuts
to a black screen and credits but I
guess the lesson is to never deal with
acrimony bitterness anger rancor
resentment thank you guys checking out
this videos always let me know your
thoughts down below this was one that I
had almost misspent on my agar I gotta
go watch this a new Tyler Perry movie it
must be juicy it must be obviously not
the best script out there but something
that makes you just go oh why are you
watching it so I'm curious to know your
thoughts let me know down below in the
comment section what you thought about
this what other ones you want me to
cover and until then don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll send
you a rechargeable battery